Grammar update to capturing.rst (#23)
alicevision/meshroom-manual: source/capturing/capturing.rst

If this is the first time you are using photogrammetry software, read the following chapter on how to take good photos for your project.

**Basics**
------

- Your scene/object should be well lit. 
- Avoid shadows, reflections, and transparent objects.

> - Take the photos in diffuse or indirect lighting, such as on an overcast day (if outside) or using multiple light sources (if inside).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Take the photos in diffuse or indirect lighting, such as on an overcast day (outdoor) or using multiple light sources (indoor).
```

- Don´t use the flash setting on the camera.

> - Do not change the focal length/zoom while shooting. Use a fixed lens if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not change the focal length/zoom while shooting. Use a fixed focal length lens if possible.
```

- Try to take pictures from all angles.
- Avoid moving objects in the scene or background.
- If taking pictures using a rotating rig, make sure to use a plain color background with no distiguishable features.
- The object of interest should always fill most of the image.
- Take images with a side overlap of 60% minimum and frontal overlap of 80% minimum.
- For each shot, move to a new position (or rotate the object).
- Do not take multiple images from the same spot.

> - You can photograph an area multiple times in different patterns for better coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For better coverage, you can photograph an area multiple times in different acquisition patterns.
```

- Avoid shaky, blurry, or warped images.

> - The more images you have, the better. You can always filter out repetitive or bad images to reduce processing time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The more images you have, the better. You can always filter out repetitive or poor quality images to reduce processing time.
```
